(DOCSP-26728): C++ Model Data Section (#2377)
mongodb/docs-realm: source/sdk/cpp/model-data/supported-types.txt

   * - Double
     - .. code-block:: cpp
          :copyable: false

          realm::persisted<double> double_name;
     - .. code-block:: cpp
          :copyable: false

          realm::persisted<std::optional<double>> opt_double_name;
   * - String
     - .. code-block:: cpp
          :copyable: false

          realm::persisted<std::string> str_name;
     - .. code-block:: cpp
          :copyable: false

          realm::persisted<std::optional<std::string>> opt_str_name;
   * - Enum
     - .. code-block:: cpp
          :copyable: false

          realm::persisted<Enum> enum_name;
     - .. code-block:: cpp
          :copyable: false

          realm::persisted<std::optional<Enum>> opt_enum_name;
   * - Binary Data
     - .. code-block:: cpp
          :copyable: false

          realm::persisted<realm::BinaryData>> data_name;
     - .. code-block:: cpp
          :copyable: false

          realm::persisted<std::optional<realm::BinaryData>>> opt_data_name;
   * - Date
     - .. code-block:: cpp
          :copyable: false

          realm::persisted<realm::Timestamp>> date_name;
     - .. code-block:: cpp
          :copyable: false

>           realm::persisted<std::optional<realm::Timestamp>> opt_date_name;

Reviewer: I have an update that basically steady_clock should never be used. They'll add a fix. For now we should say you have to use `std::chrono::time_point<std::chrono::system_clock>`.

     - .. code-block:: cpp
          :copyable: false

          realm::persisted<std::optional<realm::uuid>> opt_uuid_name;
   * - Mixed Data Type
     - .. code-block:: cpp
          :copyable: false

          realm::persisted<realm::mixed> mixed_name;
     - .. code-block:: cpp
          :copyable: false

          realm::persisted<std::optional<realm::mixed>> opt_mixed_name;
   * - List
     - .. code-block:: cpp
          :copyable: false

          realm::persisted<std::vector<Type>> list_type_name;
     - N/A
   * - User-defined Object
     - N/A
     - .. code-block:: cpp
          :copyable: false

          realm::persisted<std::optional<MyClass>> opt_obj_name;
   * - User-defined Embedded Object
     - .. code-block:: cpp
          :copyable: false

          realm::persisted<MyEmbeddedClass> embedded_obj_name;
     - .. code-block:: cpp
          :copyable: false

          realm::persisted<std::optional<MyEmbeddedClass>> opt_embedded_object_name;

Supported Type Implementation Details
`````````````````````````````````````

Some of the supported types above are aliases for:

- ``int``: An alias for an int-type object that encompasses: 

>   ``int8_t``, ``int16_t``, ``int32_t``, ``int64_t``

Author: Ah, you're right, I misunderstood what I was seeing in one of the tests and this isn't right. Removing it.

          :copyable: false

          realm::persisted<realm::uuid> uuid_name;
     - .. code-block:: cpp
          :copyable: false

          realm::persisted<std::optional<realm::uuid>> opt_uuid_name;
   * - Mixed Data Type
     - .. code-block:: cpp
          :copyable: false

          realm::persisted<realm::mixed> mixed_name;
     - .. code-block:: cpp
          :copyable: false

          realm::persisted<std::optional<realm::mixed>> opt_mixed_name;
   * - List
     - .. code-block:: cpp
          :copyable: false

          realm::persisted<std::vector<Type>> list_type_name;
     - N/A
   * - User-defined Object
     - N/A
     - .. code-block:: cpp
          :copyable: false

          realm::persisted<std::optional<MyClass>> opt_obj_name;
   * - User-defined Embedded Object
     - .. code-block:: cpp
          :copyable: false

          realm::persisted<MyEmbeddedClass> embedded_obj_name;
     - .. code-block:: cpp
          :copyable: false

          realm::persisted<std::optional<MyEmbeddedClass>> opt_embedded_object_name;

Supported Type Implementation Details
`````````````````````````````````````

Some of the supported types above are aliases for:

> - ``mixed``: An alias for an object that could contain any of the other 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- ``mixed``: A union-like object that can represent a value any of the 
```
